[Helper] ADD option to cmake for advanced timer (#4259)
sofa-framework/sofa: Sofa/framework/Config/CMakeLists.txt

    message(STATUS "SOFA is compiled with the Tracy profiler client. Use the Tracy server ${SOFA_TRACY_VERSION}.")
endif()

> option(SOFA_SCOPED_ADVANCED_TIMER "Compile SOFA with the scoped advanced timer" ON)

Reviewer: Calling "scoped advanced timer" the "default timer" in SOFA looks weird to me, especially for the lambda user.
I would say
```suggestion
option(SOFA_ENABLE_BUILTIN_TIMER "Enable the builtin timers" ON)
```
for example, or something like that.

"Scoped" refer to a C++ thingy and Advanced... I dont know why 😅

Author: Yes you are right, I'm not good with names...

if(SOFA_SCOPED_ADVANCED_TIMER)

>     set(ENABLE_SCOPED_ADVANCED_TIMER 1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    set(SOFA_ENABLE_SCOPED_ADVANCED_TIMER 1)
```
usually, "global" macro variable like that has `SOFA_` as a prefix
